>> Jem: So last exercise.
This is the last one.
We're gonna put this all together, and
have an entire deploy system,
and forever, and a gulp task.
And it all points to your domain,
so you can edit freely, and
then just run this task, and
it's gonna update for you automatically.
It's gonna restart your server, so.
>> Speaker 2: Before we
jump off here.
>> Jem: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Just noticing,
what we're logging out
of that forever task is
the standard output.
>> Jem: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: If the app.js writes
the standard error,
is forever catching that?
>> Jem: No, there's more advanced output.
So we normally wanna do
forever-o to log output.
There's a special log for error cases
as well, and that's a great point.
But because this is pretty beginner, we're
just gonna keep the very basic level.
I encourage everybody to
look up the forever docs,
cuz they're much more advanced.
We're gonna have a log for standard
output, a log for errors, a log for
just what's happening in our Node app.
But again, that's more advanced.
But, as we learned, we wanna log all that
stuff independently cuz if it breaks,
and it probably will break,
you wanna know why.
Great question though.
So we're gonna put this all together.
There's numerous ways of doing this.
We could have do a shell script.
I prefer mpm scripts because
they're very straight forward.
So in your package.json,
>> Jem: Don't worry,
I'm gonna blow this up in a second.
We're just gonna run,
we're just gonna script task.
So when we run mpm run deploy,
it's gonna run gulp build and
forever start, and all in one go.
So I'll do that now.
>> Jem: So
vi package.json.
>> Jem: Is
that big enough?
>> Jem: And
I'm just gonna delete that line.
I'll just call this deploy.
>> Jem: So
what we wanna do is we wanna run on gulp,
>> Jem: build
I believe was the task name, yes.
The & just means whenever
gulp's done running,
we're gonna run the next
command which is forever.
So forever start app.js.
>> Speaker 2: So
right now it says test,
we just deleted the test line and
replaced with a deploy line?
>> Jem: Exactly, and
we're logging as to forever and
forever.log.
>> Jem: So now,
>> Jem: I can run npm run,
what did I call it, build?
Or did I call it deploy?
>> Speaker 2: You called it deploy.
>> Speaker 3: Is it gulp build?
>> Jem: I called it deploy, right?
>> Jem: And all said and done.
So if you had a, yes?
>> Speaker 2: I was wondering,
did we wired up so that the CSS and
JS would be served by the-
>> Jem: I believe so,
let me look at the index.html
>> Jem: I never
did wire that up.
>> Speaker 2: And I don't think the config
is gonna do it either.
>> Jem: No, it won't do it automatically.
So in the index.html,
we just point to /dist/main.min.js,
and our CSS file would be main.min.css.
That would be how you wire it all up.
Should add that in,
but everybody's looking a little
bleary eyed at this point.
But [LAUGH] thanks you are on point
today.
>> Jem: Is
there anything to be done about
DigitalOcean dropping idle terminals?
Yes, that is configurable,
via whatever terminal you're using.
So I'm using iTerm, and I have a set idle.
So about every five seconds it just sends
keep alive connection to the server and so
I stay connected all the time.
But great question.
>> Speaker 2: So
how did you run that once
you've added it to the package?
>> Jem: You just run npm run
deploy.
>> Speaker 2: Okay,
cool.
>> Jem: And just runs.
>> Jem: And so the earlier question, and
I just wanna make sure
everybody gets everything down.
This is the, let me see if I can find it.
>> Jem: I had it
earlier.
>> Jem: So
I remember the earlier question.
It was why do we run things using
NGINX instead of using Node directly.
Well on my jemyoung.com I'm
actually serving three websites.
I'm serving magic8ball.co.
I'm serving blog.jemyoung.com and
I'm serving jemyoung.com.
But it's all running on the same server
and we could do that using NGINX.
So my configuration for
my magic8ball server just looks like that,
nothing special.
But my configuration for
my main server, Grant,
I'm using a SSL so
it's a bit more complex.
Ignore all that, ignore all that.
And here I'm using location blocks to
redirect everybody to the Google Docs.
But that's why we're using NGINX, in
that we can just keep adding servers and
servers and servers and
only using one main server.
And that's the benefit.